They're different variations of advice. People give you some ex specifically
based on your career. Other times, it's just how to better be
a better leader. One of the better pieces of advice I I got about being
a better leader who came during a, uh, a fitness report debrief
that I had with the superior. I was, uh I did done a good job, and
he was doing his job by giving me some feedback on some things I could
work on. Uh, I'm naturally the type of person who is has a very stoic
face. And you don't really know if I'm happier, sad unless I'm
very overt about it. And he gave me a word of caution that you walking
around like that as a leader can lead to uncertainty and most your
subordinates. How you're really doing it might make you less approachable.
And that's what you don't want. You want people to be able
to come to you and feel like they can come to you and talk to you and
ask you questions and let you know what the problems are both professional
and personal. Um, so while that might be a small thing What
Well you can take that to mean is simply that you take a look at how
you're carrying yourself. Take a look at the things that you are doing
that might dissuade people from interacting with you. Because there's
a leader you need those interactions. You are not alone in this
decision making process. You need people's advice, you need people's
input, and you want people feel comfortable giving that input, even
if you disagree with him.